hey everybody its Ken commit condone
voice calm I'm here today at Ward
seafood in Clearwater Florida and then
with Tom a longtime employee with Ward's
I'll shake your hand even though it's
been on the grouper alright so what we
got here folks is we got a grouper and
I'm a longtime customer of wards I love
Ward Seaford they got the best freshest
seafood in town and I take it home you
know I come in I ask Tom what's good
today and he tells me what's good and I
take it home and I eat it anyway one of
my favorite things to eat is grouper
cheese a lot of people don't know what
grouper Chiefs are but it's a part of
the grouper that normally isn't it's in
a display case we all know what grouper
fillets are but today we're going to
show you how to fillet the grouper in
how do you Flay the grouper chase so Tom
what do we got here oh this is a red
grouper it's just most of your common
groupers found in most restaurants and
stuff out here caught locally in the
Gulf yeah you know right out in the Gulf
nice and fresh okay all right stay tuned
Tom's going to flay this up for us
basically I always start with the cheap
side of the head and everything first
gives you something to hold on to in
your pocket at all
okay there's like a whole plate you just
got to take them out after you get this
soft board then you take it and you run
the knife down the lip and you kind of
flip it over boom you just run your
knife right across the reel right yeah
and then you can just deal at all
that's mighty that you want you usually
be cut up into the head time living
behind the fin and you can actually get
an additional cheek right from
underneath the belt side I usually just
feels off awesome
most of the time yeah
and I always flip the fisherman you
gotta find yourself please go down
towards the I run your knife kind of
right down below
just gently run your knife across here
so you can peel it off and just go on
the other side of the backside then
always go opening your head because
there's a lot of meat up here a lot of
people lose yeah now you got something
hold on to the stack and then you
started late fall you always run your
knife straight down to try to stay
smooth when you do it because a lot of
people if they do the chop motion
they'll tear your fillets up so you just
want to get a nice and smooth lift up on
your fleece and get to the fun aim your
knife down so you get all the meat out
of here which a lot of people lose that
and then you come up here to snap your
last little pin down there and they just
come
take the fish
flip it over roll it around in the tail
straight back again just get it to where
you can see the bone and your knife down
and usually the red group has
remembering I just peel it right off
just trim your excess and often that's I
get filleted a fish and take the cheeks
out with just discard and then the only
process that yeah he's this way to him
yeah skin or not just get us started
oh yeah definitely but if you use your
knife and you hold it down like at a 45
don't use the knife yep you're using the
skins so see how I'm just barely moving
that I'm actually pulling pushing up as
I shake the skin you get more more of a
membrane off of when you move it that
way rather than do this here so if you
just get it in there like dad get it
started to get something on to hold your
knife for the 45 that's ok Tom so we
finished filleting our grouper and what
have we got we got cheeks and we got
filigree for cheeks and you got a group
of filets we got a whole different
texture in the two types of cut right
right your group of cheeks have more of
a texture like a chicken breast or a
little more fun a little more milder
than a fillet itself your fillet is
actually a fun textured fish and it's
excellent the bait Royal Grill and fry
so I mean there's multiple things you
can do with it your group or cheeks best
thing I like to do take a little butter
door like the one in a frying pan saute
them up
they cook up like three four minutes I
mean real quick and I like on Fry but a
little batter on it I make a grouper
sandwich out of it on a hamburger bun I
mean it's great with a little tartar
sauce I mean you know you can't easily
now-now you're not always going to find
them in your seafood market because look
at the difference in volume you get out
of the same group where we get a lot of
fillet right and a little bit of cheek
so now the cheek is also a lot less than
price right right now your cheeks is
more like a profit margin so it's going
to be a lot less because a lot of people
don't use them a lot of people rise ad
they used to never have cheeks used to
just leave it in a head throw it away
and it's like you know they realized hey
this is the best part of the fish maybe
fish soup with a fish soup pad or
something like that but here we go here
we go throw away the best part of the
fish you like it the best don't you oh
yeah no it's the best part of the fish I
do too I like it better than a play some
people made different with that but
that's that's my choice that's why I
wanted to show you guys what a grouper
cheek is you've probably never seen one
word seafood it's the best place to get
him in my opinion because I can walk up
to Tom and say hey Tom you don't have
any cheeks in the display case you got a
flaming grouper and if he says yeah I
got to place them I can get me a pound
pound and a half of fresh grouper cheek
and I love it so absolutely all right
yeah well thanks Tom thank you very well
oh thank you all right thanks for
watching guys
like I've never felt before
that's your the beard enough